# Why should you take that job that you don't like?

<!-- Intro -->

Back in 2018, I received a job offer that I didn't want to accept. It was my only
offer after sending more than 50 resumes, which led to just a little more than
10 interviews.

After thinking a lot about it, I decided to accept the offer and now I ask
myself this question: Why should you take that job that you don't like?

Here are my seven answers:

<!-- Team -->

## 1. Cause you'll learn that we win together and we lose together too

You will learn how to be part of a team and how to appreciate its diversity.

You will start noticing the differences among team members, and you will accept
those. You'll find out that such differences make the team stronger. That it
does not matter how out of place you might feel, you too are an essential part
of that team.

They don't need to be your dearest friends, but you'll learn the importance of
moving ahead together towards a common goal. Because we lose together and we win
together too.

<!-- Leadership -->

## 2. Cause you'll discover that a true leader is more than only a title

You will learn that the personality and style of a leader cascades down through
their people.

Just the way that a leader who lacks a clear vision will confuse their team,
filling them with frustration and anxiety, so will a visionary leader inspire
their people. One who listens and communicates. One who has a strong idea of
where they're heading.

You will taste the meaning of leadership by yourself, finding out that a true
leader is more than only a title. It's a way of being.

<!-- Patience and communication -->

## 3. Cause you'll learn the art of communication

You will understand that we all come from different places and therefore see
things from different places too. Then you will become a better listener and a
more empathetic person, and at the same time you'll become better at speaking on
each other's terms.

You'll learn to pick your battles. To let go of your own ideas in favor of other
people's ideas, because often times that's the best thing to do.

You will also realize that it is inevitable to be misunderstood, and so the art
of communication is all about accepting that the other person is always right.

It is our duty then to become artists. The artists of communication.

<!-- Women -->

## 4. Cause you will discover why we need more women in the workplace

You will begin to value women for what they bring to the workplace, and
everywhere. You will form a new image of them for yourself. One that is more
realistic, far from the stereotypes that many of us have about their roles.

You will get to know amazing female leaders, with and without the title.
Proactive women with a clear vision. Women who are determined but not arbitrary.
Able to coordinate teams and solve difficult problems.

And yes, you will also find women who take care of others. Often warmer and more
empathetic than many of the guys I've met.

You will realize this is why we need more women in the workplace. Then we could
all learn from their exemplary behaviors.

<!-- Give, don't ask -->

## 5. Cause you will learn that you don't deserve success. You earn it

You are going to find out that people won't care about your past achievements. Neither will they care about your old success stories. Much less how many super-awesome *Leute* you've met before.

The rest of us can only see what you're doing now. Your actions and your words today define you for tomorrow.

You will also find out that being a good student will not instantaneously make you good at your career. It does not matter how many gold medals are hanging on your neck, it ain't ever gonna be enough to just ask first.

You must give; don't ask.

<!-- Friends -->

## Cause you're gonna meet a bunch of new people, who will become close friends to you

You will make new friends. Lots of them. Passing-by friends, coffee & taco friends and friends for life.

If you are lucky enough, you will travel. To unknown and distant places, and you will live unforgettable experiences along extraordinary people.

After all, you could never know which of them is going to help you move to a new house or join you on a backpacking adventure. Someday maybe, you could even find love all the better.

> `TODO(mrduhart): Continue editing automatic translation after this line.`

<!-- Finish -->

## 7. Because it can result in much more than you expect.

3 years ago I wanted to say no to my only job offer after months of job hunting.
looking for a job. The offer from
[Continental](https://www.continental-jobs.com/) was certainly attractive. I
would be moving to a new city, with very good pay and benefits, and in a very
seductive benefits, and in a very seductive _research and development_ position.

However, by the time I received the news, I was already in the middle of other
interviews. These were very interesting to me at the time, so I was afraid of
rushing into a I was afraid to rush into giving a yes. I was afraid to stand
there, all the time, wishing I was somewhere else. wishing I was somewhere else.

And I'm not going to lie to you, because in fact I was. After I accepted, I kept
wishing to be somewhere else for quite a while. It is to this day that I look
back at the time I spent there and I can say that I did not I can say that I
don't regret my decision.

The road was full of people who became very important to me, and of experiences
and opportunities that transformed me. experiences and opportunities that
transformed me in countless dimensions.

This text is thus a brief collection of my learnings along that road and, with
that path and, with ~~lucky~~ effort, the beginning of something more (ðŸ˜‰).

Now there is only one thing left for me to say: **Thank you, Conti**.

<!-- ####################################################################### -->

This text is then a brief discussion of my learnings in that journey and,
hopefully, the beginning of something more. ;)
